Add possibility to checkout a patch (#304)
radicle-dev/heartwood: radicle-cli/examples/rad-patch.md

$ rad comment d4ef85f57a849bd845915d7a66a2192cd23811f6 --message 'I cannot wait to get back to the 90s!' --reply-to z6MknSLrJoTcukLrE435hVNQT4JUhbvWLX4kUzqkEStBU8Vi/5
z6MknSLrJoTcukLrE435hVNQT4JUhbvWLX4kUzqkEStBU8Vi/6
```

> Now, try to checkout the patch that we just create

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, let's checkout the patch that we just created:
```
